# Timer App

View it in action [here](https://wiltingdaisy.com/projects/98timer).

This timer was build in React and styled using the 98.css package. I
built this tool for the Code Experiment meetup
[website](https://github.com/code-experiment). We needed a timer to
use during the meetup for different activities we might have.

I had a lot of fun with this one. It gave me an opportunity to really
build something from scratch that I actually need to use on a regular
basis. The timer includes 3 warning beeps at seconds 3, 2, and 1
because I remember the timer we used in my coding bootcamp always
scared us when the alarm went off. After the warning beeps, there is
an alarm.

I plan to add a drop-down box to the timer input, so the user can
choose the alarm sound they'd like.

### Alarm Sound Source

chiptune - https://freesound.org/people/kasa90/sounds/167419/

This project was bootstrapped with
[Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br /> Open
[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the
browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br /> You will also see any
lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br /> See the
section about
[running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests)
for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br /> It
correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for
the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br /> Your
app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about
[deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)
for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go
back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices,
you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build
dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive
dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so
you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject`
will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can
tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is
suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel
obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool
wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for
it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the
[Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the
[React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here:
https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here:
https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here:
https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here:
https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here:
https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here:
https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify
